Fix typos & update directions for setting the Firebase project ID (#44)
wptide/wptide.org: web/docs/installation/README.md

::: tip IMPORTANT

The following command should only be used once.

    npm run copy

> The new `.env` is for the Firebase Functions API and the `.env.server` is for the Docker based Cloud Run Servers. Both files are for local development only and likely do not require any changes, except for the project ID that you created above.

Author: It's unclear to me if I need to change anything in the `.env` or `.env.server` files here.  I'm going with no changes, but see that in `.env` and `.env.server` I should possibly be updating the value for `GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT` to my Firebase project ID.  @derekherman which is correct?

Reviewer: @jeffpaul Yes, you would update to your project ID. Good catch.

Reviewer: `GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT` is the same as the Firebase project ID they are one in the same.

Reviewer: @jeffpaul did you want to make any changes to this knowing what you know now?

> The new `.env` is for the Firebase Functions API and the `.env.server` is for the Docker based Cloud Run Servers. Both files are for local development only and likely do not require any changes, except for the project ID that you created above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new `.env` is for the Firebase Functions API and the `.env.server` is for the Docker based Cloud Run Servers. Both files are for local development only and likely do not require any changes, except for the project ID that you previously created should now be used as the value for the `GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT` environment variable.
```

> Also, make sure to update `.firebaserc` with the project ID after this command is executed, as well. The project ID will be the value associated to the `default` key in `.firebaserc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, make sure to update `.firebaserc` with the project ID after this command is executed. The project ID will be the value associated to the `default` key in `.firebaserc`.
```
